Update scheduling README (#5804)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: quickwit/quickwit-control-plane/src/indexing_scheduler/scheduling/README.md

Quickwit needs to assign indexing tasks to a set of indexers nodes.
We call the result of this decision the indexing physical plan.

We also want to observe some interesting properties such as:
- (A) we want to avoid moving indexing tasks from one indexer to another one needlessly.
- (B) we want a source to be spread amongst as few nodes as possible

> - (C) we want to balance the load between nodes as soon as the load is significative (>30%)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (C) we want to balance the load between nodes as soon as the load is significatively (>30%) higher than the average (target) load
```
